README.md, before:

# eleventy-plugin-sass

A plugin that adds [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/) support to [Eleventy](https://github.com/11ty/eleventy)

## Installation

Available on [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/eleventy-plugin-sass).

```
npm install eleventy-plugin-sass --save
```

Open up your Eleventy config file (probably `.eleventy.js`) and use `addPlugin`:

```
const pluginSass = require("eleventy-plugin-sass");
module.exports = function(eleventyConfig) {
  eleventyConfig.addPlugin(pluginSass, sassPluginOptions);
};
```

Read more about [Eleventy plugins.](https://www.11ty.io/docs/plugins/)

## Options

| Key               | Type                   | Default                                    | description                                                                                                       |
| ----------------- | ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `watch`           | glob or array of globs | `['**/*.{scss,sass}', '!node_modules/**']` | The sass files you wish to compile (and watch when you serve)                                                     |
| `sourcemaps`      | Boolean                | `false`                                    | Add sourcemaps next to your sass files                                                                            |
| `cleanCSS`        | Boolean                | `true`                                     | Runs the css trough [cleanCSS](https://github.com/jakubpawlowicz/clean-css)                                       |
| `cleanCSSOptions` | Object                 | `N/A`                                      | Options to pass to cleanCSS                                                                                       |
| `autoprefixer`    | Boolean                | `true`                                     | Adds browser specific prefixes if needed (adheres to [BrowserList](https://github.com/browserslist/browserslist)) |
| `outputDir`       | String                 | undefined                                  | specifies the desired output directory |
| `remap`           | Boolean                | false                                      | toggles the way EPS handles the output or better omits the path-part of each parsed file, so that you might get a slightly cleaner output |
| `sassOptions`     | Object                 | `N/A`                                      | Options you want to pass to [node-sass](https://github.com/sass/node-sass#options) |

## Disclaimer

This plugins wraps around internal Eleventy code, so if they changes their way of working it might stop working.

## Contributing

Please do contribute, I am open to any changes. Just clone the repository and open a pull request.

## License

MIT © [Maarten Schroeven](maarten@sonaryr.be)

Commit message:

Add ability to customize error handler in gulp-sass.

README.md, after:

# eleventy-plugin-sass

A plugin that adds [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/) support to [Eleventy](https://github.com/11ty/eleventy)

## Installation

Available on [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/eleventy-plugin-sass).

```
npm install eleventy-plugin-sass --save
```

Open up your Eleventy config file (probably `.eleventy.js`) and use `addPlugin`:

```
const pluginSass = require("eleventy-plugin-sass");
module.exports = function(eleventyConfig) {
  eleventyConfig.addPlugin(pluginSass, sassPluginOptions);
};
```

Read more about [Eleventy plugins.](https://www.11ty.io/docs/plugins/)

## Options

| Key               | Type                   | Default                                    | description                                                                                                                               |
| ----------------- | ---------------------- |--------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `watch`           | glob or array of globs | `['**/*.{scss,sass}', '!node_modules/**']` | The sass files you wish to compile (and watch when you serve)                                                                             |
| `sourcemaps`      | Boolean                | `false`                                    | Add sourcemaps next to your sass files                                                                                                    |
| `cleanCSS`        | Boolean                | `true`                                     | Runs the css trough [cleanCSS](https://github.com/jakubpawlowicz/clean-css)                                                               |
| `cleanCSSOptions` | Object                 | `N/A`                                      | Options to pass to cleanCSS                                                                                                               |
| `autoprefixer`    | Boolean                | `true`                                     | Adds browser specific prefixes if needed (adheres to [BrowserList](https://github.com/browserslist/browserslist))                         |
| `outputDir`       | String                 | undefined                                  | specifies the desired output directory                                                                                                    |
| `remap`           | Boolean                | false                                      | toggles the way EPS handles the output or better omits the path-part of each parsed file, so that you might get a slightly cleaner output |
| `onError`         | Callback               | `sass.logError`                            | Override the default `gulp-sass` error handler to a custom one.                                                                           |
| `sassOptions`     | Object                 | `N/A`                                      | Options you want to pass to [node-sass](https://github.com/sass/node-sass#options)                                                        |

## Disclaimer

This plugins wraps around internal Eleventy code, so if they changes their way of working it might stop working.

## Contributing

Please do contribute, I am open to any changes. Just clone the repository and open a pull request.

## License

MIT © [Maarten Schroeven](maarten@sonaryr.be)
